# appsin
APPSIN Cross-Domain Heterogeneous Application Integrated Information System. Its most distinctive feature is that customized applications of this system can be developed and deployed using any programming language, database, middleware, or server, and an integrated system usage experience can be obtained.

This system is targeted at department-level applications of enterprises with less than 1,000 users (or more). Its most distinctive feature is that customized applications of this system can be developed and deployed using any programming language, database, middleware, or server, and an integrated system usage experience can be obtained. This set of programs has already The basic functions required for an enterprise information management system, such as organizational management, user management, permission management, log management, and login and logout, have been completed. The enterprise only needs to develop and deploy the actual business functions it requires using the familiar technology stack and register the application In the main program of APPSIN, you can use your self-developed integrated applications within the APPSIN system.

The original design intention of this system is to address the issue of rapidly developing customized applications within the current framework of artificial intelligence capabilities to meet the informatization needs of enterprises. Although artificial intelligence currently has strong development capabilities, for demands with high business complexity such as enterprise information management systems, At present, effective understanding and development are still impossible. This system has completed the complex and common parts of the underlying business logic. When enterprises use this system for customized development, they only need to focus on the development of the actual business part, which greatly simplifies the business complexity and fully utilizes the current artificial intelligence provided Develop the ability to quickly build an information system that suits one's own needs.

This system contains two programs: the APPSIN main program and the integrated application demonstration program. This programs is the main program. Both programs are in English and currently do not support multiple languages.

The front end of the APPSIN main program is developed using bootstrap and jquery, and the back end is developed with NET10, Integrating the front-end and back-end into a single program，the database adopts MS SQL SERVER 2016, and the development tool is Visual Studio 2022.

The APPSIN integrated application demonstration program is developed using React and Antd, and the backend developed with NET10, the front-end and back-end are separate programs, the database uses My SQL 8.0.18, and the development tool is Visual studio 2022.

The main program of APPSIN consists of two functional groups. One is the business function, which mainly includes desktop applications, organization management, user management, permission management, approval flow engine and logs, etc. Business functions can be logged in with the full-permission user tindhan; The other one is the integrated application management console, which mainly includes integrated application registration, integrated application menu management, integrated application logs, integrated application usage statistics and other functions. The two have different login entries. There is a link to switch login pages at the bottom of the login page. 

The integrated application demonstration program consists of two demonstration applications. One is event registration, which includes event management and event registration management. The other one is leave management, which includes leave application and leave approval query (the approval process is implemented by calling the approval flow driver engine of the main program).

The main program and the integrated application use the HTML iframe component to achieve page integration. In the main program, when the menu of the integrated application is clicked, the main program will open the iframe component and request the address on the pre-registered integrated application menu in this component.

More information, you can download the whole program file and look for the introducation in folder "wwwroot/ReadMe_EN.html", thank you for your attention.

